well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
happy labor day and in honor of labor
day
today's gonna be a little bit different
i'm gonna ask you to put in some labor
today we are going to
talk about uh definitions
emotional reactions and political belief
because in the united states we have a
very narrow scope
of acceptable political belief and when
you step
outside that man people get worried real
quick
there are a lot of isms that people in
the united states
have a very emotional reaction to
and i say that it's emotional because
they can't define the terms
in the u.s there are three isms
that create worry among most people
those isms are socialism
communism and fascism
the thing is most americans can't define
those
they'll tell you that they're opposed to
them but they don't know what they are
and if you ask why they're opposed to
them
you get the same answer for all three
they're opposed to authoritarianism
that's the real fear the funny part
is that only one of those three actually
requires authoritarianism
the not so funny part is
that if you allow your fear to define
you
rather than attempting to define your
fears any system
will lead to authoritarianism because
those in power will use that fear
to get you to waive your rights while
you wave your flag
and authoritarianism exists and you'll
cheer it on
as it arrives
most people in the u.s have that
reaction
because of the cold war
during the cold war we had to unite
in the u.s so a lot of propaganda went
out
and it was designed to narrow the scope
of acceptable political belief
because i mean we had to defeat the evil
empire so we had to come together right
and that's why and that's also why
a lot of people associate socialism and
communism with authoritarianism
um but those aren't necessarily
part of it they can exist depending on
how those societies are structured
but they're not required
in the us something that's funny because
most people who watch this channel
you can define these terms
if you ever sit down and describe the
individual societies
the way they're supposed to work and i'm
talking about all of them not just those
three
and allow people to pick but when you
describe them you don't use
any ism you don't use any word
that elicits an emotional reaction
and you don't give it away as to which
one is which
most people at least in the southern
united states
most people have done this they've
chosen socialism
which to me is funny and if you're new
to the channel i'm not a socialist
that's not me pushing my ideology
just statement of fact and it makes
sense if you really think about it in
the southern united states
there's uh a common religious belief and
if that bleeds through to people's
politics yeah socialism is where you'd
end up that makes sense
i would wager
that most of those people would actually
side with social democracy but i didn't
get that far into it when i was doing
this
at some point i'll go back there and do
it again
but that's one of those things that's
worth exploring a whole bunch of people
have no idea
what their real ideology is what they
really believe
they know the best they can do
within this narrow scope of acceptable
political belief in the us
so maybe today on labor day it's a good
day to do it
take a political compass quiz
but don't answer the questions with an
eye towards getting the results you want
and don't answer the questions based on
the status quo
don't answer them in the sense of oh
this is the best we can do in the world
we currently live in
answer them as if you were creating a
world
an ideal society and see where you end
up
because your ideology shouldn't be based
on
the best you can do in a system that
most people agree is broke
that's not really a goal
that's that's surrender
i think today's a good day to do it
because
labor day is the celebration
of american organized labor
people who had a vision of a better
world
and worked to get it so
it seems fitting
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day